here with vintage I've Saunders at
Frederick fresh from his intern flat
ball spoke to a couple of weeks ago
how's training and preparations been
going since have you seen much more of
your opponent since we last spoke to
you're hoping to be number one for the
WBO title Peter Quillin but there's been
a change in a champion in your division
as well we Felix term losing then I'll
think about you know what I'm going to
do I'll that I mean there's still a lot
I can't leave it's a race obviously
between you and Tyson Fury to become the
first traveler to win a world title
you mentioned the press conference you
having a bit of laugh of him you're
talking to in regular on the phone I
mean is that is it just a lot of banter
going on between you two - who's going
to win that first world title yeah
before me best lap time Julie say the
same about me but you know look
realistically you know we're both
knocking on the door now you know these
two fights right I'm potentially to
fight tonight so you know we're both
knocking on the door then maybe if one
of us can get it you know and just
change things around for the community
I'm sure let's get be lots of the
traveling community up in Manchester on
the 26th of July for your fight against
the fight because he knows about to beat
the best director source of fair play to
Tyson and the fair play to Derek
referring to get yourself a new addition
he has to fight I see me but you know I
think it's gonna be a tough fight but I
think Tyson's got the size this is one
than fight you know you can't really be
a good fight and the last time we spoke
to you we talked about some domestic
fights that could possibly happen in the
your weight division a name that you
mentor or was mention was Chris Eubank
jr. some of the things you said he was
supposed to be here today what would
have happened if he was here today and
you were here today do you think it
would have been a bit more heated than
it was I think
asked me to do it again come on why not
you know women now they're going on and
I'm assuming I want to say they want to
see push you Bank it smashed up and on
the matter and you mentioned before you
go on to fight for a world tide you'd
like to defend that British start once a
winning outright with that you would you
like to do that against Chris Eubank jr.
just to prove the point
you ain't got a mandatory I command
about he got my
eliminate Indyk Blackwell and he pulled
out but he pulled out because Nick that
were smashed him up a spar and and
dropped in five or six times I think
honestly
Lantry funny enough he's been made
marriage it was funny British champion
after me but definitely not cushy manger
he ain't good no room like you would
like to obviously fight fishery back in
junior just to give the British public
what they want and after Saturday night
where 80,000 people Wembley Stadium like
that whet your appetite for these to
miss domestic British frights at the
public one my boxing career I'm British
Commonwealth why for my boxing career
sake would I need be no point there's no
sense at all but like I said somebody's
working after their money
more people understand this part some
people's like working and I still try
and buy ticket some are not given what
they want to see that's the sort of man
I am that's what all be prepared to do
for the box in public because they paid
to come and watch me and after seeing
what happened on Saturday night 8:00 you
thousand people packed into the National
Stadium you were there for the FA Cup I
mean do you have now aspirations to
headline a big stadium like that in your
career thing that fight there was made
by the first one so you know sign over
and you can never predict in boxer yeah
I mean you might walk out the door you
know bump into someone rail starting
this or some limiters or and David I
think at a press conference they sold a
stadium out so this is something
in boxing I think for financial Boyd's
got a bit of luck and you know the right
opponents gotta be there for it and push
your bank Junior if for some reason I
haven't picked me up so wanted
why don't you mention the public appeal
to fight him if they picnic black way
out John Rider fair play them that left
pick me up to find that cushy Bank
juniors are nobody so I don't know
whether they just want to see him get
beatings Erica he's a so Aaron you know
perhaps if you tried these young man
people do mind it a few fans but I bet
if you put him on the show main ed line
you didn't put on the card on anyone
good